[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: So here's a basic
example of some arbitrary code.
This is not the actual
code that you'll be doing.
It's just how it may
look like in JavaScript.
Say we have this user object.
Let me bump the font up.
There we go.
Say we have this user.
Whoa, where'd it go?
There we go.
Say we have these user objects, and
all it has is an ID, underscore ID.
So it's like we have a Mongo.
It's got an underscore ID,
that's it, nothing else on it.
What we can do is, let's say we
have some library called JWT, and
it has a sign method on it.
What we can do is we can pass it the
object, and then we can pass it a secret.
In this case,
the secret is just a string that I made.
Shhhh, it's a secret.
All right, and what that's going
to do is spit out a token.
It's like, cool, here you go.
Here's a token.
It's just a hash, using,
I think it's a SHA-256, what is it?
Yeah, using a SHA-256,
it's just gonna spit back that token,
which is some long, crazy string, right?
So, the bigger the payload,
the bigger the string.
So, if there was more
than just an ID on here,
let's say I wanted to sign
the entire user document.
Let's say this was Facebook and we grabbed
the entire user object and we signed it.
That string would be a couple kilobytes
and then you're passing that across
the wire all the time, so you probably
don't wanna do that, all right?
So, you wanna just sign
as little as you need.
You don't need to sign the entire user.
But just enough, I would say enough to
identify who the request is coming from,
which ID is perfect for that.
If you have an ID,
you can identify anybody.
So that's why I put the ID.
So that's gonna spit out a token.
>> Speaker 1: And then later on in
the future, when that user who he gave
the token to, was like okay now
can I update my profile now?
Here's the update, I wanna update my
profile, and by the way, here's my token.
So what that user would do is that client,
they have their token.
They take it from local storage.
They attach it to header.
It's usually on authorization head,
the field.
And then the server will put
the secret back in there
with the token that this
the client gave them.
And it'll spit back out the user object,
all right?
It'll do the inverse
>> Speaker 1: So
now we'll get that user object,
which is just an object with
that ID property on it.
Then we'll look in the database for
a user with that ID and
we'll be like, okay, so yep,
the token this verified worked,
because if this was a regular string, not
a real JSON Web Token, this would break.
It would throw an error like,
this is not even a JSON Web Token, or
the secret was wrong, or
it just didn't decode properly.
Something's wrong.
But if it passed and it went through
here now what we want to do is
let's make sure that
this is an actual user.
Right,cuz then again,
we have those edge cases, right?
What if the user signed up a month ago and
our tokens don't expire for two months.
And then during that month and
during that time between that month and
this request here, we deleted the user or
something like that.
So now if we don't do this check, we're
assuming that they're in the database, but
they might not be in the database.
So it's good to do this check to say,
let's make sure this is
actually a real user.
Or some person could have just got a JSON
Web Token from this website and was like,
yeah I'm just gonna make a JSON Web Token
and I'm gonna send it to your server.
And that would pass this check,
cuz it's a valid JSON Web Token,
but it wouldn't have a valid user
ID on it that's in our database.
All right, so it's another check.
>> Speaker 1: Is everybody
following me there?
So, if I just pass in a JSON Web Token,
the server knows the secret,
this should work, but
that doesn't mean it's a valid user.
Yep, Mark?
>> Speaker 2: They're asking,
what do you mean by the token
is probably on the off-header.
Can you clarify probably?
>> Speaker 1: Yeah, I will clarify.
So usually what JSON Web Token,
let me go look at the spec for it.
It's expecting the token to be
on the authorization header.
So usually when you send it from the
client, whether that client is a iOS app,
a web app, a TV, a smart watch.
Right, if you're going to do HTTP request,
it's assuming that
the token string is gonna be on
the authorization header property.
You can also, I'm not sure if this is
part of the spec or not, but it might be,
you can also put it on the query
string with the name of access_token.
And that can also be the token as well.
But usually it's looking for
the authorization header.
Yes.
>> Speaker 3: So when you do verifying
could user end up being undefined or
will it always have some value if it's
a valid token or if it's a JSON Web Token?
>> Speaker 1: Well now, so
this has to be a valid web token, right?
And it has to have been signed
with the same secret, right?
So let's say somehow some
person got hold of your secret.
So they knew what your secret was.
So they went on this
website with your secret,
they typed it in down here, all right?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Speaker 1: It's like, cool.
I'm going to make a new secret here.
>> Speaker 1: How do you
make a new secret here?
Hey.
And then I'm just gonna grab this token
and go to your database, do a request.
What's gonna happen now is,
this will work.
So, it's like, cool,
that's a valid JSON Web Token.
And it decoded properly because it
was signed with the same secret.
So it came back.
It was great.
If it was signed with a different secret,
it wouldn't work.
Right, but it was signed with the same
secret, so it is the same, so
then it'll spit back that object, which
in this case, is this object right here.
For this object, first of all it
doesn't have an ID property on it,
but let's say it did.
Lets put a ID property on it.
>> Speaker 1: Now we have an ID.
We put a ID property on this thing.
>> Speaker 2: Do you have
to put quotes around ID?
>> Speaker 1: Yeah, probably, yep.
>> Speaker 1: All right,
single quotes here.
>> Speaker 1: There we go.
So, now I put a ID property on it.
But that's not a real ID in my database.
Right, so that passed all this.
Had the same secret, it's a valid token,
spit back an object.
It even had an underscore ID property
on it that I can check here.
But my database doesn't know what
that user is, so it's just like,
nope, nevermind.
It's like the equivalent of
trying to log into a website
with a email that isn't registered.
All right, it's just like,
we just don't have that email.
There's no email that exists,
so, you can't even sign in.
That's what you're trying to do here.
It's like you're trying to sign
in with an ID that doesn't exist.
It's like, you can't.
We don't have that ID.
Everything else was great except for
the ID.
>> Speaker 2: So, in our code we would
wrap that JWT verify into tricatch or
something?
>> Speaker 1: Yeah-
>> Speaker 2: It wouldn't go
down to the find by ID if it failed.
>> Speaker 1: Exactly so
you would do a tricatch there.
But we are going to use libraries
to abstract all that away so
we don't have to.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah.
Yep, Mark.
>> Speaker 2: How do
you expire the tokens?
Do you just include a timestamp
in the object you're assigning?
>> Speaker 1: Good question.
So tokens can be expired, and
that depends on the library you're using.
We're gonna get into that,
because we're gonna do that in R Code,
but depending on what lab we're using, in
this case, we'll be using JSON Web Tokens.
You can just pass in an object that has
a property on it that says expires in
minutes or expires in seconds, and pass in
a number, and that's when it'll expire.
So, it's pretty simple just pass in
an options thing that tells you.
>> Speaker 2: And then they're wondering
if JWT is included in Node, or
do you have to-
>> Speaker 1: It is not included in Node.
We have to npm install it.
It is not a default thing.
And there is like tons of
JSON Web Token libraries out there.
Again, this website right here,
if you scroll down.
For any language that you possibly might
use, it'll tell you the library that you
should use and what security issues
that library may or may have.
It'll go into the algorithm
specs on that library.
If you're into that stuff,
it'll tell you all the stuff.
So for the one,
that we'll be using is JSON Web Tokens.
They'll tell you how to install it too.
It's like, okay,
this is how you install it as well.
This is a really good resource for
JSON Web Tokens.
They've got like every single
library you can think of down here.